Update README.md (#145)
mjansen4857/pathplanner: README.md

      * windows
      * macos
      * linux

> * The built app will be located in `<PROJECT DIR>/build/<PLATFORM>/runner/Release`

Reviewer: This was generalized because the location is platform dependent. Suggested a change to make it correct.

```suggestion
* The built app will be located here:
    * Windows: `<PROJECT DIR>/build/windows/runner/Release`
    * maxOS: `<PROJECT DIR>/build/macos/Build/Products/Release`
    * Linux: `<PROJECT DIR>/build/linux/x64/release/bundle`
```
